{:title "Gratitude Journal - Day 3"
:layout :post
:author "Lucky Pradana"   
:tags  ["gratitude" "report"]
:toc false}

WFO day today!

Starting the day with some points I need to address to the team to refactor. Since PRDI project was handled by third-party (and we have to continue their deed 😥), got some things need to fix and refactor.

Discussing how this would affect legacy project and how this would help Flutter team to develop the apps.

Also, made my first pull-request on PRDI to cleanup or housekeep, ref: https://bitbucket.org/prodiadigitalindonesia/doctor-app-flutter/pull-requests/703.

(partially) Changes I made today:

1. Set Flutter SDK 3.7.6 
2. Removing states_rebuilder 
3. snake_case for import aliases 
4. Add TODOs to use freezed and FIXMEs 
5. Transform forEach to for in (https://dart-lang.github.io/linter/lints/avoid_function_literals_in_foreach_calls.html))
6. Regen models 
7. Reconstruct fromJson functions 
8. Add immutability for some classes
9. Remove unused imports 
10. Add consts for performances
11. Curly brackets for conditional syntax/if
12. Remove unused variables
13. Remove unused StateNotifiers
14. return required values on functions
15. Remove obvious assertions for since Flutter v3
16. Add object hashCode because of operator== overriding
17. Remove calling print on production code
18. Invalid tests

> Summary:
> - Time: 9am - 6pm
> - Status: Normal
> - Tasks:  
>   - Clean up/Housekeeping existing PRDI project
> - Plan For Next Day:
>   - Migrate flutter_hooks to original flutter widgets 
> - Any Risk/Blocker/Question:
>   - Can I trade MacBooks? I got an i5 and it's painful for Flutter development 😭
> - Leave Planned / Approved:
>   - None
> - Gratitude
>   - My refactor POCs are accepted by my team and they gladly help me to achieve
